example/README.md, before:

# Simple Gatsby Site

I've used my own blog site's code as the basis of the app. Yes it's quite contrived but sadly this is quite necessary when you start customizing the Gatsby setup heavily. It's supposed to be a minimal setup to show how the react-seo-meta-tags work.

Note also that I had to do some dumb things to make things work with Github Pages and how all the pages it shows are redirected to the correct pages. This makes using `og:url` impossible as FB sharing debugger shows it creates this redirect loop.

Also because of this all the links have to be prefixed with `pathPrefix: '/react-seo-meta-tags',` to make it route to the correct Github pages deployment. Which is why there are two site urls: imgSiteUrl and siteUrl as the images are automatically prefixed yet all the other links require to use the real baseUrl eg `og:url`.

Interestingly the siteName (og:site_name) is shown in Telegram in gray above the title, which is pretty neat so I'll be keeping it.

I don't really understand why (as of now 2020.2.2) the Google structured tool gives an error for the BlogPosting-Publisher-url property. It should be correct by all standards as it's just an organization and the same data works fine for the Organization.

## Requirements

Requires Node >= 8.

## How to install

1) Install dependencies with: `npm i`
2) Start the Gatsby development server with: `npm start`

Commit message:

Update example app and its deps

example/README.md, after:

# Simple Gatsby Site

I've used my own blog site's code as the basis of the app. Yes it's quite contrived but sadly this is quite necessary when you start customizing the Gatsby setup heavily. It's supposed to be a minimal setup to show how the react-seo-meta-tags work.

Note also that I had to do some dumb things to make things work with Github Pages and how all the pages it shows are redirected to the correct pages. This makes using `og:url` impossible as FB sharing debugger shows it creates this redirect loop.

Also because of this all the links have to be prefixed with `pathPrefix: '/react-seo-meta-tags',` to make it route to the correct Github pages deployment. Which is why there are two site urls: imgSiteUrl and siteUrl as the images are automatically prefixed yet all the other links require to use the real baseUrl eg `og:url`.

Interestingly the siteName (og:site_name) is shown in Telegram in gray above the title, which is pretty neat so I'll be keeping it.

I don't really understand why (as of now 2020.2.2) the Google structured tool gives an error for the BlogPosting-Publisher-url property. It should be correct by all standards as it's just an organization and the same data works fine for the Organization.

## Requirements

Requires Node >= 8.

## How to install

For some reason the file based import `"react-seo-meta-tags": "file:../",` doesn't work so we use link instead.

1) In the root of the repo, link the library as a local dependency: `yarn link react-seo-meta-tags`
2) Build it: `yarn build`
3) Go to this folder and install dependencies: `cd example && yarn`
4) Start the Gatsby development server with: `yarn start`
